    Name: Ashlyn Grizzle
    Stack: Python
    GitHub Repo link: https://github.com/grizzleashlyn/P-A-Solo-Project
    Project name: Photocard Trading Hub
    Project description: I'm a kpop fan, and every album comes with something called photocards.
        They are essentially printed photos of the member(s) of the group and are about the size of a standard trading card.
        Collecting these photocards is HUGE in the community, with different album versions having cards specific to them, different retailers
        having exclusive bonus photocards, and some retailers having preorder benefits of exclusive cards. Trying to collect all of
        the cards is like any other card trading economy like Pokemon or Yu Gi Oh, cards are bought, sold, and traded and have different
        values depending on rarity, condition, etc. Some trading occurs online through Discord servers or Instagram, some people sell cards
        on sites like Etsy. However, I have yet to find a website that solely facilitates photocard trading. So that is my goal. I plan
        to have a basic site made for this project, but want this to be something that I continue building over time with different
        functionalities that are currently far, far outside my comfort zone.
    MVP (Minimum Viable Product) features: In addition to the required features for a solo Python project, I want to have the following:
        1) A dashboard where you see the currently available cards for trading, a list of the cards you have available to trade, and
        a link to a new page to add a new card for trade.
        2) Each card on the available list should be linked to a page that shows the details of the card such as when it was added,
        who has it, etc.
        3) The page to add a new card should have spaces to enter all the details of the card like which group, which album, which member(s),
        and how to contact them for trading.
    Bonus feature(s): I plan to use Bootstrap as a CSS framework for my main bonus feature. However, if time allows, I would like to
        add a photo upload feature to the add a card page so users can add a photo of the card itself. I would also like to try to
        implement a many-to-many relationship where users can say "I want this one!" or something and it adds their name to a list
        of interested users on the card's specific page. This is something I will experiment with at the very end once everything
        else is working and only if time allows.
    Future Goals: This is just for me so that I can look back later as I continue with this project and use it as a checklist of sorts.
        1) Figure out a direct messaging system so that users can communicate directly within the site to set up trades.
        2) Figure out how to add a feature that allows users to rate other users after a trade is complete to help deter scammers.
        3) Figure out how to make each card it's own thing so when users add that they have a card, it adds it to a "in stock" list
        like how used book sites like ThriftBooks have a main page for a book and you can choose which version you want from a list.
        4) Give users their own page that can be set to public or private where they can keep track of which cards they have in
        their collection in general plus a wish list of cards they are looking for.